sl2d.conf
sl2d.conf
%%mtime

%!target : man
%!encoding : utf-8
%!postproc(man): "^(\.TH.*) 1 "  "\1 5 "

= NAME =

/etc/sl2d.conf - a configuration file for **sl2d**(2)

= DESCRIPTION =

**/etc/sl2d.conf** is a text file in INI format. It must contain a main **sl2d**
section with the following mandatory keys: **push**, **main_loop_delay** and
**respawn_min_delay**.

: **push** = //push1, ...//
Comma separated list of names of push sections. This list can be empty. Note
that values will be stripped of blank characters on the left and on the right.

: **main_loop_delay** = //15//
The value in seconds the main loop should iterate over the list of scheduled
respawns.

: **respawn_min_delay** = //5//
The minimum value in seconds that should seperate two respawns of the same
command.


The configuration file may also contain an arbitrary number of sections of the
form **[sl2d:push://push_name//]**. These sections needs three mandatory
settings. **url-in** and **url-out** and **binary**.

**Push** sections can also contain any kind of settings needed by the
module in use. Currently the list of accepted optional parameters is:
**format**, **flags**, **flags2**, **partitions**, **coder**, **refs**, **threads**,
**audio_codec**, **audio_bit_rate**, **audio_channels**, **audio_sample_rate**,
**audio_volume**, **video_codec**, **video_bit_rate**, **video_size**,
**video_gop_size**, **video_q_min**, **video_q_max**, **video_frame_rate**,
**video_macroblock_decision**, **video_macroblock_l_max**, **video_l_max**,
**video_q_comp**, **video_q_diff**, **video_b_frames**, **video_b_strategy**,
**video_i_q_factor**, **video_sc_threshold**, **video_direct_pred**,
**video_me_method**, **video_me_range**, **video_cmp**, **video_sub_cmp**,
**video_sub_q**, **video_keyint_min**, **video_sync_method**, **video_trellis**,
**video_crop_left**, **video_crop_right**, **video_crop_top**,
**video_crop_bottom**, **audio_sync_method**, **video_copy_timestamps**,
**video_pad_left**, **video_pad_right**, **video_pad_top**,
**video_pad_bottom**, **video_pad_color**, **video_deinterlace**,
**video_aspect**.
For details about these options please read **ffmpeg**(1) and
**sjconf-ffserver**(8).

: **url-in** = ""[""file:///dev/video0""]""
The url of the input stream.

: **url-in-param-1** = ""[""name""]""
The name of the first parameter to be appended to **url-in**

: **url-in-value-1** = ""[""value""]""
The value of the first parameter to be appended to **url-in**

: **url-out** = ""[""http://example.com:8090/output.ffm""]""
The url of where to direct the stream to.

: **url-out-param-1** = ""[""name""]""
The name of the first parameter to be appended to **url-in**

: **url-out-value-1** = ""[""value""]""
The value of the first parameter to be appended to **url-in**

: **binary** = ""[""ffmpeg""]""
The name of the binary that will be passed to the module.

: **precommand-1** = ""[""some_command some arguments""]""
A command to execute before spawning a new instance of the stream.

: **postcommand-1** = ""[""some_command some other arguments""]""
A command to execute when a stream process died.


= AUTHOR =

The sl2d daemon and this manual page have been written by the **SmartJog** company.

= SEE ALSO =

**sl2d**(8), **sjconf-sl2d**(8), **sjconf-ffserver**(8), **ffserver**(8), **ffmpeg**(1).
